(Watch on KonFlix.vip)
- Five!
- Four! Three!
- Two! One!
They've arrived. We'll get going.
TORINNER, congratulations
on your Hong Kong concert!
We'll wait for your US debut!
Hey.
Thank you, everyone.
Please continue to root for us.
So cool!
WELCOME BACK RYO
Mr. Choi Ki-young!
Your group's market capitalization
is the highest among Korean showbiz.
- How do you feel?
- The new group, TORINNER
is on a roll!
Please say something!
Mr. Choi Ki-young,
please say something!
Thank you, everyone.
I'm happy to have become
a source of your motivation.
A bouquet of music to the world.
Upload the news article
by the evening!
I never thought I'd have ended up
coming to Korea again.
She's late, though.
She called me out, and she's late?
Hey, old hag! What are you doing?
TORINNER ARE LIARS! SWINDLER!
Isn't that Ryo? Give me that.
Just stop it!
Ryo's face...
Hey, you old hag in sunglasses!
What do you think you're doing?
- Nam Ha-yoon? What is she doing?
- "Hag"?
Hey, Japanese lass,
you think you can be disrespectful
- to an older lady?
- I won't forgive you!
I'll punish the traitor
in heaven's stead!
Should I leave?
Idiot! You didn't clean the place!
But the manager said
I could finish it by tomorrow.
What, you jerk? How dare you
talk back to your senior?
Even if you have no parents
and aren't educated
learn your manners!
Clean the place.
Sorry for the wait! Then...
A toast to reuniting
with our genius producer! Cheers!
I'm not a producer any more.
Former genius, then.
Don't make that grumpy face.
Smile!
I know you're happy
to see your girlfriend.
An ex-girlfriend! Ex!
Jeez, you're the CEO
of a showbiz agency.
Don't cause a scene at the airport.
Young girls nowadays
have no manners, though.
So, why did you make me come
all the way to Korea?
The big project
I bet my life on has finally begun.
- Big project?
- Yes!
I'm creating a new K-pop group!
K-pop is popular all over the world.
Who could miss this opportunity?
I'll gather handsome boys to go
on a world tour, and make a fortune.
It won't go well.
Nothing will start unless you dream.
Now, let's go to our dream stage!
Glad to see you're doing well.
It's been so hard!
I gathered handsome boys
from all over Asia
screened documents, held auditions
rented an apartment in Seoul
for the best 30 I selected
hired vocal
and dancing trainers for them
spent a year
to narrow them down to 12
and finally selected five members.
Now, all that's left
is to get them to debut!
It must've cost a fortune.
About five billion won, I guess.
That is, 500 million yen.
The whole sum is my debt.
Goodness.
But it's fine.
These five official members
are perfectly handsome guys.
I would be able to pay off
the debt once they debut...
That was the plan.
But...
What?
- Wait--
- That wench...
Park Ji-soo betrayed me.
Park Ji-soo?
The producer I hired!
PARK JI-SOO
She's pretty.
Idiot! The only good thing
about her is her looks!
She's a traitor and a scammer!
Traitor?
That woman stole all the members.
The handsome boys
I spent five billion to gather.
All five of them!
Unforgivable!
Stop it! It's embarrassing.
What? We aren't taking a taxi?
Shut up, I'm broke.
There are many
K-pop billboards, though.
Yes.
What's worse is that woman went
to that Choi Ki-young's company!
Oh, Choi Ki-young?
That's a familiar name.
Huh? Don't tell me you don't know.
That boys' group
- and that girls' group...
- Okay.
And those guys, who won last year's
Grand Prize in the MAMA Award, too.
Everyone from Bouquet Music
is very popular.
The plain, old guy
who was your colleague
is now prominent in Korean showbiz!
Gosh.
He's doing well. Ha, good for him.
Why are you so lighthearted?
You made SEVEN SEAS so popular
as their producer
but this jerk stole them
from under your nose!
SEVEN SEAS disbanded
in no time, and they all retired.
Even though they were so popular.
Choi must've done--
It was my fault.
I told the promising young men
to achieve their dreams
and forced a life of only singing
and dancing on them.
But I gave up halfway.
I was the one who ruined their lives.
Here we are!
WITH LESSON STUDIO
DEBUT RIGHT NOW,
OPEN THE DOOR TO YOUR DREAM
- I see.
- What?
It's impossible.
I haven't even said anything.
You want me to produce the leftovers
of the five selected members, right?
That's my guy!
We're the best partners!
I'm not doing it.
- I'm begging you!
- Hey!
I must let the remaining guys debut
and pay back my debt!
Or will you let your girlfriend
become fish food?
You're my ex! Ask the producer here!
Everyone in Korea has turned me down!
Park Ji-soo... That woman blocked me!
"Do you want to make
Bouquet Music your enemy?"
She said that!
None of my business.
I'm going back to Japan. Bye!
Ten million yen!
What?
You were jobless
after you quit being a producer
and you've racked up
10 million yen in debt.
Who lent you money?
Well, that sum
wasn't borrowed, right?
If you want to return to Tokyo
clear the debt right now.
Can you?
Ten million yen.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, and four,
- What happened to Kun?
- One, two
three, four, five, and six...
Kun!
Kun, are you okay?
Aren't you trying too hard?
Trying too hard?
How can I not work hard?
We're running out of time.
No, Yuya didn't mean like that.
Exactly.
We don't even know
whether we can debut or not.
We don't have time to slack off!
Nobody is slacking off.
We're the leftovers.
Now that TORINNER is gone,
this is our only chance to debut.
Get out if you'll get in my way!
Kun looks tired today.
Guys, let's take a break.
Yes, let's do that.
What's that conceited attitude?
You think only you are working hard?
Who's the worst dancer?
You are the burden here.
- Huh?
- What?
Wait, stop fighting!
We're doing our best, aren't we?
Yes. Let's do it once more.
- Yes?
- Yes.
These guys?
Yes. The group is called NAZE.
Are you serious?
It was just a small argument.
It's normal for their young age.
It's a waste of effort.
Even a random street dancer
is better.
It's the job of a pro
to do something about it!
Their level is way too low
even for leftovers!
- It hurts.
- Anyway...
You don't have the option
to refuse because...
Now.
You paid... Debt... Me.
Because I paid your debt for you.
"I can eat today, thanks to CEO Nam."
"I'll do any job for CEO Nam."
Your turn.
- I'm not selling my soul!
- Ten million yen.
I don't fight for nothing--
Ten million yen!
Try again.
It's impossible.
It's not worth trying.
I'll find a way to pay you back,
but I'm out.
I want to dream with you once more.
I hate the idea of you
throwing your life away
over something like that, Azuma.
I want to see you shine once more.
I want you to take a chance
towards your dream once more.
Azuma, use your power to help them
stand on the dream stage!
Just for a month.
I'll do it with you
for only one month.
But I'll do it my way.
If I conclude that it's impossible
after a month, then it's over. Okay?
Okay!
- Oh, and...
- What is it?
We'll split
what we earn properly in half.
Money-grubber.
Seven, eight.
One, two
- three, four--
- Attention, please!
Let me introduce
your new producer to you.
Fine!
This is the genius producer
from Japan
Mr. Azuma Jun!
What do you say, Azuma?
Four Korean boys, two Japanese boys
and one Thai boy.
It's an international team carefully
selected from all over Asia.
Genius?
Have you heard of the name, Azuma?
I haven't heard of him.
Right back at you. I haven't heard
about you guys either.
What's that attitude?
It's our first meeting.
Yes. For real, we're adults.
I was born this way.
Complain to my parents.
Hello, I'm Endo Minase,
their manager.
Let me introduce the members.
No need.
My contract is only for a month.
It's a waste of time
to remember names.
Oh, sorry, guys!
He's a bit slow
and has a small vocabulary
but he's not a bad guy.
Just so you know...
I hate pointless efforts.
Over a million people in the world
aim to become K-pop stars.
Among them,
around 1,200 can become trainees.
Then, only a handful actually debut
and can make a living.
In other words, it's one in 100,000.
In the harsh world
of fierce competition
there's no way leftovers
like you can survive.
It's a futile effort
and futile struggle.
You're wasting your lives to pursue
a dream that won't come true.
Don't waste your precious youth.
Rethink your decision
as soon as possible.
What's that? You're going too far!
Rule number one. No talking back.
Rule number two, don't be late.
Be at practice room
ten minutes early.
Three, practice
for at least 14 hours a day.
Four, no dating.
Five, no contacting friends.
Six, no personal
social media allowed.
Seven, manage your weight.
Eight, no smoking
and drinking, obviously.
Nine, do not go out
without permission.
Ten, no courier delivery.
Anyone who breaks the rules
will be fired at any time.
That's all.
Practice starts at 8 a.m. tomorrow.
Oh, one more thing.
As you're a team
any mistake will be
a joint responsibility.
In other words, if anyone is fired
this group will disband at once.
Disband?
What's with that cocky attitude?
Is that Azuma guy okay, Ms. Nam?
He's rude. It's power harassment.
I'm sorry, but he tries
to assert dominance right away.
Just like a small kid.
But Azuma is the only person
who can get us out of this pinch.
That's what I think.
Also, he's actually...
What?
Just wait and see,
you'll find out soon.
Don't get cocky
and listen to music, part-time boy!
I'm sorry.
You're busy throughout the day
so I arranged your shifts
as you requested.
Do your job properly!
I'm sorry.
- Darn it. I need to hurry back!
- Hey!
What are you doing so late?
I just went for a jog.
A jog?
- Go back now and sleep.
- Yes.
Gosh.
Excuse me, Producer Azuma.
What should I do to debut?
What should I do
to debut as soon as possible?
You played football, right?
Yes, I've been playing football
since I was a child.
I knew it.
You carry yourself like that.
That's why...
I became a trainee not very long ago
and I'm not as good at singing
and dancing as the other members.
But...
I want to debut as early as possible!
I acknowledge
your good physical abilities.
But the skills needed for dancing and
football are completely different.
You're nowhere near the level
that can perform in front of people.
Maybe you'll be good at it
when you're old.
Well, do your best.
This isn't going to work.
I need money.
I must debut soon.
Money, huh?
Let this broke man, who drinks
cheap alcohol on the street
give you a piece of advice.
I said it this afternoon.
Only one in 100,000
can survive in K-pop.
Most people sacrifice their youth
and regret it afterwards.
Quit while it's not too late
and get a real job.
Especially if you want money.
- But--
- Your dream can't fill your stomach.
It's time. Let's begin.
Good morning.
- Good morning.
One person is missing.
Safe!
- Darn. I made it.
- Thank goodness!
You're late.
No, but it was ten minutes before.
You're 30 seconds late.
100 burpees and 100 jumping jacks.
Ready, start.
Hurry up. Do it. Ready, start.
- What are you doing? You guys, too.
- What?
I said joint responsibility.
Burpee and jumping jacks. Start now.
- All of them?
- Wait...
Let's do it.
What's the point of this?
Ninety-eight.
Ninety-nine.
One hundred!
Finished.
You cut corners the last ten times.
No, I didn't...
Everyone, an extra 100 squats
and 100 mountain climbers.
- What?
Wait a minute.
Aren't you going too far--
Are you not going to do it?
He's fired, then.
If one is fired,
the whole group disbands.
I don't mind, though.
Are you okay with that?
One, two, three, four.
- One, two, three, four.
- Don't get cocky!
- The world's level is higher!
- Yes!
Each individual's ability is high,
and they're glamorous.
They'll surely be
this year's MAMA Best New Artist.
Of course.
I'll conquer the world
with this group.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four...
Park speaking.
Thank you very much for arranging...
the wonderful studio
for us, Mr. Choi.
No worries.
As you said in your presentation
I sense great potential
in the members of TORINNER.
Especially the boy who just did
a kick step. Who's he?
What? Just now?
Oh, do you mean Ryo?
- Yes, Ryo. He has good talent.
- Five, six, seven, eight.
- Help him grow.
- One, two
- Yes.
- three, four.
But Mr. Choi
how do you know
he just did a kick step?
There are cameras installed
in every room.
I can check the studio
via cameras anytime.
Oh, is that so?
It's reassuring.
It's our mission to send
shining talents to the world.
A bouquet of music to the world.
I sent a message
but it was just a birthday wish
to my childhood friend.
Is that so?
- Got it.
- Thank you.
Everyone,
100 squats and 100 push-ups.
- What?
I told you. Rule number five,
no contacting friends.
So annoying. It was just a message.
Joint responsibility. Start now.
This is ridiculous!
Basics...
We've only been doing
pointless basic training!
- Younki, calm down.
- We can't get better like this!
We're betting our lives on this!
Excuse me, Mr. Azuma.
Would you consider
adding something
more practical to the lesson?
We don't have time to fight.
You guys only complain.
It's so annoying, you losers!
There's a Japanese saying
that means losers have big mouths.
You lost the match
then when you've run far enough,
you bark that you didn't lose.
That's what cowards do.
Pointless basic training?
Top artists perform on stage
for over three hours.
To sing, dance, and manage
your facial expression perfectly
you need athletic-level stamina.
You understand that, of course.
To achieve perfect performances
they've gone through a hell
that no one sees
that's why they can be the best.
Yet you say you bet your lives
on it at that level.
Don't make me laugh.
Even if you make a frantic effort,
only one in 100,000 gets rewarded.
The remaining 99,999 losers
just complain from afar
and fade away.
Just like you guys now.
Don't waste your youth
for an unattainable dream.
There are plenty
of easier ways to live.
Think it over carefully.
I want to...
debut as soon as I can.
I am stupid.
Even if you say it's a dream
I still can't give up.
I am stupid!
That's why...
I want to chase
an absurdly huge dream!
It's not like I said
I don't want to do basic training.
One hundred squats and 100 push-ups.
Let's do our best.
Are you going to abandon us now?
- You'll run away alone?
- Traitor!
Are you okay with ruining our lives?
You're depressed, genius producer.
You drink outside because you want
someone to talk to you. So adorable!
As if. I'm just broke.
- Wait!
- What?
99,999 losers, huh?
Well said.
You and I are one of them.
Ruff, ruff!
But we try to break out of it,
struggling, striving.
Just like the boys.
Shut up.
I've stopped the pointless struggle.
I'll continue to struggle
for the boys' future!
It's for your own selfish reasons,
you debt-ridden CEO.
Okay, let's drink today!
Kun?
He's asleep.
A Japanese song?
Why does he listen to a song so old?
Oh, no! What time is it?
Eleven o'clock.
I need to go!
Go? Where are you going?
What time is it now?
You know what time it is?
Don't think an apology is enough!
Does he work part-time here?
Go to work at once!
Please don't mind him.
Who's that shady-looking guy?
Money?
I'll send the money for you.
Don't worry.
Okay.
"Send money?"
Send money?
Anyway, this is no good!
Kun works part-time after practice
and he gave money
to a shady-looking guy.
Just calm down.
Could Kun be blackmailed?
Or is he using drugs?
Covering up a crime?
No, maybe they're spies.
So, what was that?
He paid for information?
So there will be a shootout
at the pier tonight.
Oh, no. I must go to rescue him.
Anyway, I'll go to check on Kun.
Her imagination is crazy.
She's the type
to stay cooped up alone.
What's this? It's dirty.
Oh, it's Kun's.
Actually, Kun's parents got divorced,
and he was sent to a children's home.
He was aiming
to become a professional footballer.
He got injured and gave up, though.
A children's home?
Anyway, if he's working part-time,
we must make him quit.
If someone who wants to debut at once
has to work part-time for money
there must be a reason, right?
What the heck?
The hospital said
the surgical fee wasn't deposited!
I gave you the surgical fee!
Where did it go?
Sorry, I'm also in debt
and I'm in trouble.
I'm going to send the money
to the hospital. Trust me.
I'm your dad, after all.
Don't be ridiculous, you jerk!
Stop, Kun!
- Minase?
- Don't punch him!
- You can't debut if you're arrested.
- But he--
No violence!
Or your dream will be over!
Well, take care. See you.
My beloved son.
Wow, a story like a Korean drama!
Don't say it like that!
Kun is seriously worried.
It's none of my business.
You are their manager,
but I am a producer.
I can't be bothered
with their private lives.
You are horrible.
Someone who doesn't understand
other people's pain
can't move people's hearts.
I can't work with someone like that.
Fire me right now, then.
I'm not doing this
because I want to anyway.
Ms. Nam, why did you hire him?
Just wait and see.
Our genius is pretty empathetic.
More basic training today?
Basic! Basic...
How many times did I say it?
Superficial and following the crowd.
What's that?
Hey, is Kun here?
Who are you, old guy?
The manager of the place
- where Kun works part-time at.
- What?
He works part-time?
He didn't tell his colleagues
he's working?
He gives money to a guy
who looks like a thug all the time.
Who knows what he does
behind our backs?
Mr. Azuma!
Why isn't he here when it matters?
Where did he go?
Excuse me.
Attention, please.
There's something
we want to tell you.
It's about Kun.
Please check again!
I told you,
she doesn't want to see you.
Please!
I am her son.
I'm very sorry.
Please leave.
You're feeling depressed again.
Hey.
Mr. Azuma, you're right.
I can't play football.
I can't sing
and I can't dance.
My own mom is sick, yet...
I'm not useful in any way.
I...
I've got nothing.
Return to Korea first.
I'm borrowing this.
I'm sorry about my sudden visit.
My name is Azuma,
and I'm Kun's colleague.
Work?
Well, I'm his supervisor.
So I've heard what happened.
Are you not going to meet Kun?
I abandoned him.
It's too late.
I have no right to see him.
True. You abandoned your young son.
You are a horrible mom.
But this...
He's still keeping that?
He's been playing football,
apparently.
He wanted to be a national player
and stand in the National Stadium
in a match against Japan.
After he got injured
and couldn't play football
he abruptly changed course
to become a K-pop artist
and now, he wants to stand at
the National Stadium through music.
Well, I guess he's devoted.
I do think
there are other ways to do it.
Well, anyway...
He was separated from his mom,
and he wants her to find him.
If he had thought you were horrible
would he have gone this far?
Would he have carried this
with him all the time
until it's so worn out?
My son's dad is a gambling addict.
His debt got bigger and bigger.
Finally, the debt collectors
showed up uninvited at our home.
I tried to bring my son
to flee to Japan
but he found us.
Don't be ridiculous!
Don't think you two can escape alone!
Stop!
So I fled to Japan on my own
and abandoned my son.
I really wanted to live
with my son, but...
I was too scared.
But a year ago
that man showed up again.
That was when I first found out
that right after our divorce
our son was sent
to a children's home.
He didn't know anyone at that place
and he had been alone the whole time.
That was when I was diagnosed
with this disease.
It was cancer.
This is...
the punishment I deserve
for abandoning my son.
That's why...
I'm not worthy of meeting my son.
Kun heard that his mom had a disease
so he wanted to earn money
to pay for her surgical fee.
Is that why he works part-time?
The reason he wants to debut
as soon as possible
is because if he gets the money
he can let his mom have
the surgery as soon as possible.
Kun...
Why didn't he tell us?
I couldn't make him feel like
he could open up to me either.
I'm a terrible CEO.
But now, we know everything.
What really matters
is what we're going to do now. Right?
Well, I'm just a stranger
so I have no right to say anything.
But...
Although Kun was abandoned
by his parents
he still continues
to make an effort to see you.
I think
you have a responsibility to face it.
Although the burden
is too heavy for you
it doesn't mean you should run away
from someone you love.
- Are you going to abandon us now?
- You'll run away alone?
It's tough...
but you'll regret it if you run away.
That's what I think.
After everything...
I cannot cause him any more trouble.
From now on...
I want him to live the way he wants.
I want him to live freely.
I want him to stay out of my life.
Please tell Kun that.
Welcome back.
They're waiting for you.
Raise your legs higher!
Five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four,
five, and six, and seven, and eight.
One, two, three, and four...
- Kun!
- Five...
- You're late, Kun.
- Welcome back!
What are you doing so late?
Let's show your mom
how hard you're working.
We're all rooting for you.
Right, guys?
I had no idea,
and I was harsh on you.
I'm sorry.
Talk to us if you're struggling.
Kun.
When your mom knows
you're working hard
towards your dream
I'm sure she won't worry anymore,
and she's going to get better.
But with your current level,
your mom won't be satisfied.
So I guess I'll have to help you out.
We are...
friends.
Everyone...
But what are we going to show my mom?
- What?
Azuma didn't tell you?
That jerk!
It's been a while.
- We'll do a live performance.
- Live performance?
The venue
is the Japan National Stadium.
- National Stadium?
How did you book such a famous venue?
Just so you know
we aren't doing it for Kun alone.
An artist must be able
to move audience's hearts.
Are you qualified to aim for that?
Are you worthy
of staking your future on this dream?
I'll assess that thoroughly.
- Yes!
The song
is this.
This is...
Let the battle begin!
- Understood!
- One, two, three, four, five, six...
Ready, go.
From this position,
open up after the first refrain...
- One, two, three, four
- five, six, seven, eight.
- One, two, three, four...
Can we wear this?
Thank you!
One, two, three, four, five...
Excuse me.
My name is Nam,
CEO of Nam Entertainment.
There's a performance
I'd very much like you to watch today
so I'm here to invite you.
This song is...
Using the song you loved
they wanted to show you
how much Kun has grown
His friends arranged it.
This is...
Ta-da!
Peace!
One, two, three!
It's warm.
I'm sorry, the level of performance
is still very far from professional.
The steps are unsteady,
and they aren't in sync.
But Kun is doing everything he can
to convey his love
to someone precious.
His friends are working together
to help him deliver his love
in the best way possible.
He has grown so much.
Thanks to you, Mr. Azuma,
I've been able to face it properly.
I can face his love...
and face myself, too.
Thank you so much for yesterday.
Kun, you've grown so well
and you're surrounded
by so many wonderful friends.
I was really happy.
Mom...
I'm glad!
I assessed your potential as artists
based on your performance yesterday.
For a group of losers like you
if you're aiming to be
the one winner out of 100,000
it's too reckless.
Impossible. It's absurd.
But...
If we're doing it,
we're going global.
What? Global?
Which world?
I'm sorry, everyone!
This guy is a bit slow
and difficult to understand.
To sum up,
he's saying, "Let's do our best."
That's what you mean?
You're being roundabout!
Wait... You've got to understand!
Say it properly!
I swear I will fill up
the Japan National Stadium!
That's 80,000 people.
If you can fill
the Japan National Stadium
I'll do anything you say.
But...
Let's go
to the dream stage.
- Yes, sir!
You guys are loud.
Let's go!
Lend you the Japan National Stadium?
Your company's artist
will perform there, right?
30 minutes before you bring in
the equipment will be enough.
Would you lend it to us?
For free.
I see.
For free, huh?
You're banned from the music industry
due to the big scandal
and caused our company huge trouble
now you want the venue for free?
Don't be ridiculous.
It has to be
the Japan National Stadium.
I beg you.
Leave.
I see.
You were my boss in the past,
so I assumed you'd help me.
But I guess not.
Then...
This.
I wonder how long I should keep it
in my tiny chest.
My respected senior
it's evidence of an embezzlement
so bold that it earned my respect.
Ms. Nam, Mr. Azuma...
I told you to wait and see.
That's who he is.
Ready, go!
- One, two, three, four
- five, six, seven...
Mr. Choi.
Please have a look.
I must not let this go
because he's a murderer.
To make their dreams come true
they go all out
to support each other.
That's what our team
is proud of.